README.md, before:

# Delirium Orb Comparison

This program calculates how much you could earn from the different Delirium Orb types in Path Of Exile per run. The profit is calculated based on the prices of poe.ninja and the google sheet of Grimro to get the estimated drops per map. Only the delirium rewards are calculated into the profit so normal map drops are not being calculated into that. 

In order to run the program you need to download the winrar archive (found in the releases) and extract it. Then start the .exe and it will show you the results.

Here is a preview of the program 


![preview](https://i.imgur.com/x5MjoEQ.png) 

The result has different colors, blue means it's the most profitable one, green is the second best, yellow is the 3rd best and everything that is more than 20c profit and red means you are getting 20c or less profit per map.

Of course the result is not 100% reliable since it's not using the official drop rates of items but a player experience who ran the map himself.

Special Thanks to https://github.com/hellsing for helping me out :)

Link to the spreadsheet of Grimro: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QhHPQU6DCfNxxWxEonlJTJQLPY5wFTL-RfY61DL8bgM/edit#gid=1315504308

Commit message:

Updated for Ultimatum League and added Console Parameters

README.md, after:

# Delirium Orb Comparison

This program calculates how much you could earn from the different Delirium Orb types in Path Of Exile per run. The profit is calculated based on the prices of poe.ninja and the google sheet of Grimro to get the estimated drops per map. Only the delirium rewards are calculated into the profit so normal map drops are not being calculated into that. 

In order to run the program you need to download the winrar archive (found in the releases) and extract it. Then start the .exe and it will show you the results.

## Console Parameters
    --league-names: Shows the current Leagues with a number that you can use with --league and -l
    --league: Lets you pick the league with the number that you get from --league-names
    -l: same as --league

Here is a preview of the program 


![preview](https://i.imgur.com/x5MjoEQ.png) 

The result has different colors, blue means it's the most profitable one, green is the second best, yellow is the 3rd best and everything that is more than 20c profit and red means you are getting 20c or less profit per map.

Of course the result is not 100% reliable since it's not using the official drop rates of items but a player experience who ran the map himself.

Special Thanks to https://github.com/hellsing for helping me out :)

Link to the spreadsheet of Grimro: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1QhHPQU6DCfNxxWxEonlJTJQLPY5wFTL-RfY61DL8bgM/edit#gid=1315504308
